Add N&N for lazy handle creation of images/fonts on Windows (#351)
eclipse-platform/www.eclipse.org-eclipse: news/4.36/platform_isv.md

## Platform Changes
-->

---
## SWT Changes

### Lazy Handle Generation for Images and Fonts (Windows only)

> When creating resources like image`Image` and `Font`, the necessary OS handles used to be created eager upon instantiation of the resource.

Reviewer: missing space before `Image`

Author: Thank you! Fixed with latest commit.
I also forgot to amend my proofreading changes, so the latest commit also fixes some typos.

> When creating resources like image `Image` and `Font`, the necessary OS handles used to be created eager upon instantiation of the resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating resources like image `Image` and `Font`, the necessary OS handles were previously created eagerly upon instantiation of the resource.
```

On Windows, this behavior was changed for images and fonts.

> Handles are now generated upon first access to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Handles are now generated upon first access.
```

> Until then, only the metadata to generate the handles is stored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Until then, only the metadata to generate the handle is stored.
```

> This is particularly relevant on Windows because of the introduced [monitor-specific scaling](platform.md#monitor-specific-ui-scaling-as-default-windows-only).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is particularly relevant on Windows because of the introduction of [monitor-specific scaling](platform.md#monitor-specific-ui-scaling-as-default-windows-only).
```

That requires all resources to be potentially available at different zooms at the same time, depending on the zooms of the monitors on which application windows are placed.
The lazy loading is one contribution to mitigate an increasing number of OS handles while reducing unnecessary OS handle generation in general.

> More precisely, images now only store their data source (such as a file path, a data provider or the like) upon instantiation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More precisely, images now only store their data source (such as a file path or a data provider) upon instantiation.
```

> In case the image data of an image is retrieved (`getImageData(zoom)`), the data is loaded from the data source for the specified zoom, still without creating an OS handle out of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the image data of an image is retrieved (`getImageData(zoom)`), the data is loaded from the data source for the specified zoom, still without creating an OS handle for it.
```
